>> Erik Reinert: So now what I'm going to
do is I'm going to go into my terraform
directory and
we're going to set up a couple of files.
The first file we're going to set
up is actually a locals tf and
inside of that locals TF file I'm
going to copy and paste a variable.
Just one variable.
It's the only variable I need.
But can anyone guess why
I need this variable?
To interact with the ECS cluster?
Kind of, yeah.
So when I built this,
I wanted to evaluate whether or
not I was going to use a VPN for
this solution.
I decided not to, just because
it's just more work, more effort.
An easier approach would just be to
set up what's called a bastion host.
Can anyone tell me what a bastion host is?
It's like a jump box
that lets you jump and
access things that you're not supposed to.
Through a middleman?
Yeah, pretty much, yeah.
So a bastion host is basically
like a backdoor into your
network through a machine.
And so this is kind of like a,
it's a little bit more of an older
school approach to handling this.
Like normally you would drop
a VPN into the network and
then you would just connect
into the network via that VPN.
But unfortunately Amazon VPNs aren't cheap
and they take a while to provision, so
it just didn't really work
very well with the course.
But what we can do is we can at least put
an instance that's publicly accessible,
but only permits your IP address or
wherever you're from to access it.
So that's exactly what this is here.
Effectively what we would do is we
would put in our public IP address.
The long story short of is though, that if
we wanted to make it so that we could at
least get some kind of backdoor into our
network on the cloud, this is at least one
very simple approach of doing it, which
is just putting an instance in there.
Just make that one instance public.
But then you can SSH into that machine and
that
instance can have all of your SSH keys to
everything else that you need access to.
What's nice about a bastion host is I will
say is that you can kind of automate it
into your environment.
So again, you can create a bastion host
that already has like SSH key set up and
everything.
So all you have to do is give access
to your developers to that and
then that's it.
They don't need to have access to
everything else, you just give them
access to the bastion bastion host and
then they get access through that host.
So they're actually really nice.
I kind of miss using Bastion hosts more,
but
VPNs are just nice because they
directly drop you into the network.
You don't have to connect to anything,
right?
Right, so So if you wanted to, you could
swap out the implementation in here with
a VPN is really all I'm trying to say.
And you'd be able to connect to
the service or the environment as well.
All right, so we're going to save that
file and then the next thing we're going
to do is we're going to create
what's called a Providers file.
So Providers tf and then I'm going
to copy and paste one provider.
It's just the Amazon main Hashicorp
provider, if you don't know.
Hashicorp actually has a lot of really,
really great documentation on
the Internet for Terraform.
And if you're doing a lot of Terraform,
you will be using it like a Wikipedia or
an index.
You will be constantly
referencing that thing.
I cannot tell you when
I'm making Terraform,
how often I'm pulling up that site and
looking for attributes or things.
Whenever you're building automation,
there's normally two things I suggest with
Terraform specifically, and I would at,
you know, put these as a note because I
do think that these are kind
of game changers for me.
The first one is.
Yeah, the Terraform docs, right.
So, for example,
if I just did Terraform aws, I can go and
find the complete documentation around
everything related to aws, the provider,
how to configure it,
all of the resources that I can provision.
Sorry, I have dark mode on.
There you go.
Sorry to blind everybody.
All of the resources, how to configure.
And again, you can see here,
this is a lot.
What's really cool about Terraform
is it can manage a lot of things.
One of the things I love to show,
I don't know if you knew this, but
you can actually manage
Spotify with Terraform.
So if you wanted to manage all your
music with Terraform, you totally could.
But there's a lot of really
great stuff out there.
If you're a home lab person like myself,
and if you've ever deployed a Proxmox
cluster, you can actually have the same
experience locally as you may a cloud,
right, where you can write Terraform and
then it'll provision your instances
on your little Proxmox server and it'll
have that same automation experience.
And this is actually something I've
been working with Lately on my stream,
which has been really fun.
But you can do a lot of other things too.
I mean you can manage
kubernetes with Terraform,
you can manage a lot of different
stuff and it's really all here.
So I would recommend,
if you're looking for something to manage,
just search in the Terraform registry.
More than likely you'll find something
that does what you're trying to do.
The second thing that I highly recommend
are things called Terraform modules.
Terraform by itself provides
what are called resources.
For example, if I went to VPC here and
then I clicked on default vpc,
this is a resource, this is a one unit,
it's one resource that Terraform
will create and or manage for me.
However, when you talk
about something like this,
there's way more than one resource here.
As a matter of fact,
even though this is in depth as it is,
this doesn't even really.
This is just the tip of the iceberg with
the actual amount of automation it takes
to build this.
We are going to be in LEGO
world really for all of today.
Sorry.
There are other things out there
that the community has created and
managed that makes it so that you can
have almost like pre built solutions
to the things that you're trying to solve.
And those are called Terraform modules.
So again, Terraform resources and
Terraform modules are two
different things.
So for example, in this scenario,
again going back to the vpc,
let me go and show you really quickly.
So here if I go to vpc, this is all I get.
So I get CIDR block, instant Tennessee
tags, and then just VPC related stuff.
But what if I don't want to
have to think about subnets and
routing and security groups and
all that other stuff.
Well, what you can do is you
can go Terraform, aws, VPC and
if you Google that, you'll see,
if you scroll down a little bit,
you'll see AWS vpc, Terraform module.
These are also on the registry,
but these are community built,
driven and maintained modules
that solve problems on Amazon.
So this is more of a step towards I want
to solve a problem versus I want to run
Terraform.
What's nice about this is that if we go
to the module on the Terraform registry
itself, you can see that this module
is actually way more in depth.
This module lets us actually select AZS
that we want to provision in private
subnets and their IP or their CIDRs,
public subnets and their CIDRs.
It has NAT Gateway support,
it has VPN Gateway support.
The reason why you would Use something
like this over just the VPC resource
that I showed you earlier is that you
want to care more about these settings
than figuring out every single resource
you need to create what you're trying
to create.
Because this underneath the hood
will do all of that for
you via the customization and
the settings on the module.
So these are really powerful.
We use these a lot at where I work because
in all honesty, I don't want to have
to think about how to create a VPC
with four subnets and routing and
a NAT gateway and public access versus
private access and blah blah blah.
It's like bro, this is just like at this
point I just want ChatGPT to do it for
me, right?
However, there are really
nice communities and really,
really great projects that exist
that will solve these problems.
Another one that I would recommend,
if you are trying to get into
the Kubernetes world on Amazon,
I highly recommend you use this module.
I do not recommend you use the Terraform
resource module because that's just
one module and
there's auto scaling groups and
a bunch of other stuff that you have
to add to make Kubernetes work as well.
This gives you an out of the box
Kubernetes cluster that will just work.
It makes going from nothing to Kubernetes
very, very easy and very, very simple.
You can lean on these modules if you want
to and we will be leaning on some of these
modules as well as we
go through the course.
But yeah,
just as two takeaways like I said.
One, look up resources in
the terraform documentation.
And then two, look up,
look up modules that you can find that
can kind of solve these problems for you.
And again you'll notice that
these modules are massively used.
This had 1.1 million
downloads just this week.
So it's being deployed across
tons of infrastructure.
You know that it's being built well,
it's being maintained well,
it's being supported across
tons of different situations.
And so
you'll get this value out of using one
of these rather than building it yourself.